plus
good morning as we said in all
our campaign we wanted that
the people the players that came to the
central were reinforcements or
hiring and we have great pride
to receive
a reinforcement that I think will give us
many satisfactions after 10 years
in europe we welcome you to
Javier and we wish you the greatest of
sold lots
thank you very much for the words for the
trust that
that they give me or that they gave me these days
now it's a huge joy I'm very
happy to be able to come to the central
I was with so many already a few
days
and now that was it was all very very
positive
and hopefully good things
I get it right I will try to always give
the best as the audi in my whole life and
I hope I can help the institution
to get to achieve more goals
great good the first interested was
central was the technician who wrote me
he called me
and for me that's fundamental to this
height of my career
I feel good and one needs to have
the confidence of a club and the coach
and from the first moment I consulted
with my family they told me if we're going
there
we have many friends and acquaintances
of rosary while living in Germany
as here and we inform ourselves a little and
they told us that the truth was that it was a
spectacular place
just as we did not make the decision and
we are really happy that
We decided to return to Argentina not the
true that we are very happy and the
good objectives logically you want
and continue down the road
which began
a very good first part of the tournament
the truth that the club did
I hope that from my place I can help
to the group to the team to follow for that
same path and
and try that if there are objectives
greater
Javier brings bit of it
football that is what you were green
central and that what most seduces you
the truth is that it is a very good
combination experienced with people
young in the team
many young players with a lot
future the truth that that is
important to those who are given
trust
a team that tries to be the protagonist
what you're trying
press well in attack and try
play well do not try to win
by chance they have a proposal
of game
good
it's basically because of what I had for
what I had the opportunity to talk to
the coaching staff
just short with my colleagues is a
technical staff that works very well
so I hope you can start how much
before training and logically
out there in a way to
to be able to help inside or if it is decided
something else from wherever